bush
party
hello let's talk about how much of that a portion
many of us have heard that the amount of the portion the potato determined
taking our stature of our weight from our acts
the pressure was to push to control a nutritionist if on Mars it seems that
at that time the only thing we have
let's start with carbohydrate or marine carbohydrate servings
examples of a serving would be half a cup of spalletti as well a serving
one drink nothing bread so another portion
a third cup of gallo pinto would count as another portion usually
a diet can have seven servings of cat meat up to 10 servings of
highway
in the case of the fleet it is always recommended to consume at least three
daily servings a small fruit has a portion of a party
large account how two portions if it were a game must be a ship not
have your face and senate and the portion is average goes through a fruit
the vegetables are recommended to be of free consumption that is to say that the portions
in unlimited as long as they are not affectionate so that it costs for a
portion should be a paste of raw vegetables puts the vegetable pasta kos the
cooked but I repeat unlimited would be much better
in the case of dairy products, these must be low-fat cremated entities and
always recommends around 3% a portion of a glass of milk another
question would be a cup of low-fat yogurt and another question would be a
ounce that these preferably cheese under Indian
with proteins the proteins of the group of streets is going to end up
ounce purchases as I say will depend on the mec and limited caloric
that person
a three-ounce serving is equivalent to a woman's full hand if it is a
thin court if it were a barracks or that would be the palm of the woman's hand
which would be the presumed protein
a game is an ounce of protein using submachine guns have six ounces to a
a little more
and in the case of fats
is going to end up by spoonfuls and by teaspoons
fats are usually four daily five daily depending on the
caloric requirement that person would be a teaspoon of oil
olive a fat a spoonful of mark and meridiana fair other ideas
I tried to take a balanced diet that included lots of all the
groups and I remind you after pressures are going to be determined by a
nutritionist thank you very much and see you next week
simpson
party